OSDOCS-10685_3#release note GCP (#77621)
openshift/openshift-docs: release_notes/ocp-4-16-release-notes.adoc

With this release, you can enable bring your own public IPv4 addresses (BYOIP) feature when installing on AWS by using the `publicIpv4Pool` field to allocate Elastic IP addresses (EIPs). You must ensure that you have the xref:../installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-account.adoc#installation-aws-permissions_installing-aws-account[required permissions] to enable BYOIP. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_aws/installation-config-parameters-aws.adoc#installation-configuration-parameters-optional-aws_installation-config-parameters-aws[Optional AWS configuration parameters].

[id="ocp-4-16-installation-and-update-gcp-regions_{context}"]

> ==== Deploy GCP in the Dammam, Saudi Arabia and Johannesburg, South Africa regions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
==== Deploy {gcp-short} in the Dammam (Saudi Arabia) and Johannesburg (South Africa) regions
```

Or

Deploy GCP in the Dammam, Saudi Arabia, and Johannesburg, South Africa, regions.

I find the commas more distracting here.

> You can deploy {product-title} {product-version} in Google Cloud Platform (GCP) in the Dammam, Saudi Arabia, Middle East (`me-central2`) region and in the Johannesburg, South Africa (`africa-south1`) region. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-account.adoc#installation-gcp-regions_installing-gcp-account[Supported GCP regions].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can deploy {product-title} {product-version} in {gcp-first} in the Dammam, Saudi Arabia, Middle East (`me-central2`) region and in the Johannesburg, South Africa (`africa-south1`) region. For more information, see xref:../installing/installing_gcp/installing-gcp-account.adoc#installation-gcp-regions_installing-gcp-account[Supported GCP regions].
```

Reviewer: Is the "Middle East" needed?
